windows/README.md, before:

Windows 10
======

#### Enable Dark Theme

  1. Enable a System-wide Dark Theme
    - Run Windows10DarkTheme.reg, then log off and log back in
  1. Microsoft Edge
    - Select Settings. 
    - Select the “Choose a theme” box
    - pick “Dark” 
  1. Window Borders
    - Open Settings
	- Select Colors
	- Set Automatically pick an accent color to off
	- Choose a color
	- Set Show color on start, taskbar, action center, and title bar to on


Windows 7
======

#### Adding quick launch in Windows 7

  1. Right-click an empty area of the taskbar, point to Toolbars, and then click New toolbar.
  1. In the dialog box, copy and then paste the following folder name to the Folder box, and then click Select Folder:
%AppData%\Microsoft\Internet Explorer\Quick Launch


#### Reset folder permissions

Take ownership of the folder:

    TAKEOWN /F E:\ /R /D Y


Set the permissions

    ICACLS "e:\" /reset /T


### Moving a window back on the screen

When the standard Shift+Windows+Arrows does not work, the following should fix it:

  1. Make sure the focus is on the window (Alt-Tab or select on Task bar)
  1. Right click on the app in the task bar and select Move (might need to Shift+Right-click)
  1. Press on one of the arrow keys, the window should appear

Commit message:

disable auto eject dvd drvie

windows/README.md, after:

Windows 10
======

#### Enable Dark Theme

  1. Enable a System-wide Dark Theme
    - Run Windows10DarkTheme.reg, then log off and log back in
  1. Microsoft Edge
    - Select Settings. 
    - Select the “Choose a theme” box
    - pick “Dark” 
  1. Window Borders
    - Open Settings
	- Select Colors
	- Set Automatically pick an accent color to off
	- Choose a color
	- Set Show color on start, taskbar, action center, and title bar to on


#### Disable Auto-Eject DVD Drive in Windows Explorer

  1. Easy fix is to disable windows disc burning
    - Run DiscBurningDisable.reg, then log off and log back in


Windows 7
======

#### Adding quick launch in Windows 7

  1. Right-click an empty area of the taskbar, point to Toolbars, and then click New toolbar.
  1. In the dialog box, copy and then paste the following folder name to the Folder box, and then click Select Folder:
%AppData%\Microsoft\Internet Explorer\Quick Launch


#### Reset folder permissions

Take ownership of the folder:

    TAKEOWN /F E:\ /R /D Y


Set the permissions

    ICACLS "e:\" /reset /T


### Moving a window back on the screen

When the standard Shift+Windows+Arrows does not work, the following should fix it:

  1. Make sure the focus is on the window (Alt-Tab or select on Task bar)
  1. Right click on the app in the task bar and select Move (might need to Shift+Right-click)
  1. Press on one of the arrow keys, the window should appear
